Categorize and recategorize some plugins to the new "Starts" category (#198)
Hecter94/EndlessSky-PluginArchive: res/pluginlist/Difficulties.txt

author=Mielo Symeonidis
website=N/A
directlink=N/A
category=Starts
status=N/A

> description=Adds three different difficulties that take form as the start to a game. Not recomended for people new to Endless Sky.

Author: ```suggestion
description=Adds three diffrent difficulties that take form as the start to a game. Not reccomended for people new to Endless Sky.
```

> description=Adds three diffrent difficulties that take form as the start to a game. Not reccomended for people new to Endless Sky.

Author: ```suggestion
description=Adds three diffrent difficulties that take form as the start to a game. Not reccomended for people new to Endless Sky.

```
